And welcome back.
This section is going to be a very quick update for our project.
When we deployed the project, I forgot to add the number of likes here, so let's do this one.
Let's go to Visual Studio code and just after the.
This section just before the caption area, before the buttons in this in the middle of the buttons
and the caption area.
So let's find this section.
So these are the buttons.
And this is the caption, so just after this section, we can add the likes numbers, so we just say
if the likes are the last laugh is bigger than zero, then we're going to have that section.
Otherwise we just it's going to be nothing.
So this is going to be a paragraph.
So let me add paragraph.
So we should do it manually.
Doesn't suggest this.
So let's close the paragraph tank.
Yeah.
So in India, it should be just like.
That left, for example, if you have two likes, it's going to be two and.
After the space was just, say, likes.
So this fund should be here.
All right, so let's see.
I still cannot see this chick the problem.
So this is going to be like that length.
And let's add some styling.
So the class name would be font both.
And add some margin at the bottom of one.
This is the last that dance.
So it should work, so let's check again.
You know, this is the final version, actually, we have to check this one out, and let's let's run
our application first and we go to localhost three thousand and I'm completely, uh, I'm checking the
final version, actually.
So here we refresh the page.
So you refresh again.
Sometimes it takes time to load.
I should be fine.
Yeah.
So now we like the first post, we see that one likes the second one, too, and it's.
Check for the first one, which has already one life, so it should be.
Two likes.
This is fine for this, so we need to sign in with another account to check the number of likes, so
we sign in with my other Gmail.
And let's like the first post.
Now we can see that we have two likes.
All right.
So it's working fine, so let's add it to get up so we can see it in the final version as well.
So we just take it at everything and we permit this one.
Show the number of the likes.
And we push it to get up.
If you wait a few seconds, it's going to update the final version to so in the final version now we
cannot see the number of lives.
But if you go to where so?
You're.
You go to the homepage.
Now it's updated, actually showed the number of likes.
And to refresh the final version.
That's still.
An updated.
It takes a few minutes.
Let's check the Earth so they can go here.
Still, you can see now it's just finished.
Yeah, now you can see the number of likes in our final version as well.
All right.
So that was a short video of an updated our project.
Just wait for the.
New updates, I'm going to add more functionality to the project, so, Stuart, next time.